updated documentation around rolling upgrades (#221)
cloudamqp/terraform-provider-cloudamqp: docs/resources/upgrade_rabbitmq.md

# cloudamqp_upgrade_rabbitmq

This resource allows you to automatically upgrade to the latest possible upgradable versions for RabbitMQ and Erlang. Depending on initial versions of RabbitMQ and Erlang of the CloudAMQP instance, multiple runs may be needed to get to the latest versions. After completed upgrade, check data source `cloudamqp_upgradable_versions` to see if newer versions is available. Then delete `cloudamqp_upgrade_rabbitmq` and create it again to invoke the upgrade.

> **Important Upgrade Information**
> - All single node upgrades will require some downtime since RabbitMQ needs a restart.

> > - From RabbitMQ version 3.9, rolling upgrades between minor versions (3.9.x->3.10.x, 3.10.x->3.11.x, 3.11.x->3.12.x, etc) in a multi-node cluster are possible without downtime. This means that one node is upgraded at a time while the other nodes are still running. For versions older than 3.9, patch version upgrades are possible without downtime in a multi-node cluster, but minor version upgrades will require downtime. 

Reviewer: Just a tiny tweak to make it a bit easier to read

```suggestion
> - From RabbitMQ version 3.9, rolling upgrades between minor versions (e.g. 3.9 to 3.10), in a multi-node cluster are possible without downtime. This means that one node is upgraded at a time while the other nodes are still running. For versions older than 3.9, patch version upgrades (e.g. 3.8.x to 3.8.y) are possible without downtime in a multi-node cluster, but minor version upgrades will require downtime. 
```
